docs: Add explanation on the Hello-world tutorial (#323)
canonical/rockcraft: docs/tutorials/hello-world.rst

.. literalinclude:: code/hello-world/rockcraft.yaml
    :language: yaml

> This file permit to build a ROCK with only the ``hello`` package slice inside,

Reviewer: fix spelling

using :ref:`chisel_explanation`. For more information about the ``parts``
section, check :ref:`ref_parts`. The other fields of the file are metadata

> which describes the ROCK; for more information about the available check

Reviewer: this sentence doesn't read well. seems to be missing something..."available..." feature? fields?

> This file permits to build a ROCK with only the ``hello`` package slice inside,
> using :ref:`chisel_explanation`. For more information about the ``parts``
> section, check :ref:`ref_parts`. The other fields of the file are metadata
> which describes the ROCK; for more information about the available fields check
> :doc:`/reference/rockcraft.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file instructs Rockcraft to build a ROCK that **only** has the ``hello``
binaries package slice (and its dependencies) inside, using
:ref:`chisel_explanation`. For more information about the ``parts``
section, check :ref:`ref_parts`. The remaining YAML fields correspond
to metadata that help define and described the ROCK. For more
information about all available fields check :doc:`/reference/rockcraft.yaml`.
```

.. literalinclude:: code/hello-world/rockcraft.yaml
    :language: yaml

This file permit to build a ROCK with only the ``hello`` package slice inside,
using :ref:`chisel_explanation`. For more information
about the ``parts`` section, check :ref:`ref_parts`.
The other fields of the file are `metadata

> <https://canonical-rockcraft.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/reference/

Reviewer 2: Would it be possible to use
> :doc:`/reference/rockcraft.yaml`
instead of a link to the site?

Author: Yeah, it's possible and done
